[OKTA-1174908]: Milestone#1: OIN refactoring for "Build an SSO integration" (#6155)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/how-okta-works/index.md

##### You have more than one app, and you want to implement Single Sign-On (SSO)

> Use Okta to allow your users to [sign in to other applications](/docs/guides/sign-in-overview/main/) instead of requiring them to remember separate sets of credentials for each application or service. Users can simply sign in once and access your full suite of applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Okta to allow your users to [sign in to other app](/docs/guides/sign-in-overview/main/) instead of requiring them to remember separate sets of credentials for each app or service. Users can simply sign in once and access your full suite of apps.
```
